In this module,
I covered an example of deploying a JHipster application to production.
First,
I showed you the list of Spring profile constants that are
provided out of the box by JHipster.
This included environment-based profiles for dev,
test, and prod, as well as feature-based profiles for swagger and Liquibase.
Next, I covered making changes in the generated project configuration files.
Changes were made both to a production properties file,
and the logging configuration file.
Then,
I showed you how to run Microsoft SQL Server using a docker
configuration generated for you by JHipster.
Finally, I demonstrated running the JHipster project as an executable WAR file.
I showed you how to build the WAR, and execute it directly from a command line.
This concludes the course.
Let me provide you with some details to close things out.
As an author, I take great pleasure in creating these courses for Pluralsight,
and knowing that I can give back to you and the community through mentoring.
Along with being an author, I'm also a principle consultant at Solstice.
Solstice is a digital innovation firm that helps Fortune 500 companies seize
new opportunities through world changing digital solutions.
As a consultant,
my primary focus is around solutions that leverage
Spring and Pivotal Cloud Foundry.
If you need to reach me for any reason,
the first place to do so is in the Pluralsight discussion area for the course.
If you don't receive a prompt response,
please feel free to email me at mike@michaelhoffmaninc.
com.
I can also be reached through social media at my Twitter account of @mhi_inc.
I'd like to sincerely thank you for taking the time to watch this course.
I hope that you will continue to explore the
features that JHipster has to offer,
and you'll see the same benefits that I've seen from using it in your applications.